SID	FID	fName	fDescription
1	1	Create & Manage Virtual Accounts	Create and modify virtual accounts, which act as subledgers underneath an existing (virtual-enabled) commercial deposit account. Virtual Accounts can be assigned to individual customers, suppliers, deals, or anything else Clients might want to track at a granular level.
1	2	Originate Paymenets	Originate payments and collections equests on-demand via US Fedwire, US ACH, and SWIFT. After initiating a payment request, our payment status APIs allow Clients to track the progrss of payment before debiting or crediting their  accounts.
1	3	Track Account Activity		Track real-time ledger activities, which keep track of payments that are in a terminal state (E.g. have been settled)
1	4	Review Incoming Payments	End users receive notifications when a third part attempt to debit or credit their accounts. They may subsequently approve or reject theese incoming payments, based on their preferences and policies.
1	5	Forex Payments	Provides spot transaction rates in Real Time, allowing users to make payments using a currency of their choice or make bulk purchases of Foreign Currency.
2	6	Investment Automation	Access to digitally managed investment portfolios.
2	7	Personalised Insights	Intuitive tools & trackers with personalised insights.
2	8	Loans		Provide quotations to users for line of credit at competitive rates from Goldman Sachs.
2	9	High Yield Savings Products, CDs	Offer Goldman Sachs' award-winning consumer financial products within your digital retail experiences.
3	10	Analyze Data	Analyze data using rich library of mathematical functions including algebraic, econometric and technical functions.
3	11	Access Rich Data		Access rich data that provides you with extra information to make your business decisions.
3	12	Backtest Strategies	You can run backtests on the fly that is integrated and understand your factor exposures and analysis.
3	13	Access to Historical Data across Major Markets	You can access historical data pertaining to your industry to uncover trends.
4	14	Improve Efficiency in Discovering Sources of Risk and Returns	Using our integrated data-model, industry-leading analytics, you can improve the efficiency of risk and returns.
4	15	Curate your Own Data and Analytics	Put all your portfolio data, curated market data and anayltics together at your fingertips.
4	16	Securely Integrate and Connect Third Party Data	Securely integrate or connect to third-party factor risk data to gain operational efficiencies to turn insights to action.
5	17	Toolkit for Quantitative Finances	This toolkit is created by Quantts to manage the global trading business.	
5	18	Accelerate Development of Trading Strategies and Risk Management Solutions	This toolkit is designed to accelerate development strategies and risk management solutions.
6	19	Access Third Party Data	Utilising AWS Data Exchange, you may find, subscribe to, and use data in the cloud, as well as a selection of GS-curated third party data. Interact with market data via tools such as our probability and risk analysis model.
7	20	Easily Set Up Your Own Data Management System	Removes the burden of building your own data management system because you can use Goldman Sachs's managed tick database.
7	21	Horizontally Scalable	Easily add new infrasturcture via the cloud to cope with new demands.
7	22	Standardise Data	Unifying framework to map data into a consistent data model.
8	23	Data Analysis	Rapidly turn data into actionable insights.
8	24	Backtesting of Complex Trading Strategies	Historical data and GS powerful analytical tools allow backtesting of complex strategies.
8	25	Data Visualisation	Provide easy visualisation of data, made scalable through cloud computing.
8	26	Time Series Analytics	Provide powerful time series analytics to comprehend complex market dynamics .
